co/dcos-61136 (2.0.1 release notes) (#2637)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/2.0/release-notes/2.0.1/index.md

navigationTitle: Release notes for 2.0.1
title: Release notes for 2.0.1
menuWeight: 2
excerpt: Release notes for DC/OS 2.0.1
---
DC/OS 1.13.6 was released on 20 November 2019.

[button color="light" href="https://downloads.dcos.io/dcos/stable/2.0.1/dcos_generate_config.sh"]Download DC/OS Open Source[/button]

[button color="purple" href="https://downloads.mesosphere.com/dcos-enterprise/stable/2.0.1/dcos_generate_config.ee.sh"]Download DC/OS Enterprise* [/button]

Registered DC/OS Enterprise customers can access the DC/OS Enterprise configuration file from the [support website](https://support.mesosphere.com/s/downloads). For new customers, contact your sales representative or <a href="mailto:sales@mesosphere.io">sales@mesosphere.io</a> before attempting to download and install DC/OS Enterprise.

# Release summary
DC/OS is a distributed operating system that enables you to manage resources, application deployment, data services, networking, and security in an on-premise, cloud, or hybrid cluster environment.

# Fixed and Improved Issues in DC/OS 2.0.1
<!-- The issues that have been fixed and improved in DC/OS 2.0.1 are grouped by feature, functional area, or component.  -->

> - Fixed an issue where unfinished deployments prevent DCOS instances running on Marathon 1.9.100 from migrating properly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where unfinished Marathon deployments would prevent a successful upgrade to DC/OS 2.0.```

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Release notes for 2.0.1
title: Release notes for 2.0.1
menuWeight: 2
excerpt: Release notes for DC/OS 2.0.1
---
DC/OS 2.0.1 was released on 22 November 2019.

[button color="light" href="https://downloads.dcos.io/dcos/stable/2.0.1/dcos_generate_config.sh"]Download DC/OS Open Source[/button]

[button color="purple" href="https://downloads.mesosphere.com/dcos-enterprise/stable/2.0.1/dcos_generate_config.ee.sh"]Download DC/OS Enterprise* [/button]

Registered DC/OS Enterprise customers can access the DC/OS Enterprise configuration file from the [support website](https://support.mesosphere.com/s/downloads). For new customers, contact your sales representative or <a href="mailto:sales@mesosphere.io">sales@mesosphere.io</a> before attempting to download and install DC/OS Enterprise.

# Release summary
DC/OS is a distributed operating system that enables you to manage resources, application deployment, data services, networking, and security in an on-premise, cloud, or hybrid cluster environment.

# Fixed and Improved Issues in DC/OS 2.0.1

> <!-- The issues that have been fixed and improved in DC/OS 2.0.1 are grouped by feature, functional area, or component.  -->

Reviewer 2: We would also need to add the release note for mesos memory leak issue. cc @greggomann

Author: Can one of you provide the JIRA ticket number?

Reviewer 3: https://jira.mesosphere.com/browse/DCOS-61228

Author: ty. resolved.
